Thank you, grandma. No more master.
Brother, are you okay?
Say what's going on
I said, I said, I said, uh, they are all Xu Hai
It's all Xuhai who asked me to do it
uh he might give me some money
Let me penetrate the foot demon and frame you together
He also said that after killing you
Give me 30% of all your money
That brother, I am obsessed with money.
Xu Hai Xiaoqin’s brother eh
That's the madman
You have always looked down on him before
He's like crazy
Get dirty secret funds
And then use the money to take revenge on those who look down on him
What does this have to do with being a bitch?
Even the lowly ones were killed with blood and sweat.
Among the people he takes revenge on
Aren't you still stingy?
what are you doing here
Won't I let you protect Xiaoqin at home?
no
Sister Qinqin was worried about you, so she specially asked me to come over and take a look.
I didn’t even say it, and I rolled my eyes.
I like drinking tea so much
Let him drink enough
You like to drink, right?
Don't go, don't, don't, don't drink
me me
What do I have? I can’t do it anymore.
I will be careful about invitations
I'm getting out, I'm getting out, I'm getting out, I don't want it
I tell you
If you do this again, I want to drown you.
You shaved your fart
If you die, come home with me
Going home soon
Thank you, grandma, no master
Is big brother alright?
Say what is going on
I said, I said, I said, uh, it is all virtual sea
It is all what Xuhai asked me to do
Well, he might give me some money.
Let me penetrate the foot demon and frame you together
He also said that after he killed you
Give me 30% of all your money
Brother, I am obsessed with money
Xu Hai Xiaoqin's brother
That is the lunatic
You have looked down on him before
He was going crazy.
Get cheap secret money
Then use the money to get revenge on those who look down on him
What does this have to do with being cheap?
He was also killed by blood and sweat
Among the people he took revenge on
Isn't it stingy?
What are you doing here?
I will not let you protect Xiaoqin at home?
No.
Sister Qinqin is worried about you, and he specially asked me to come and have a look.
I do not know. I rolled my eyes.
So like drinking tea
Let him drink enough.
Like to drink, right?
Do not go do not do not drink
I I
What do I have to quit?
I will be careful to invite
I am out, I am out, I am out, I do not want it
I will tell you what.
I want to drown you if you do this again
You shaved your fart
Come home with me when you die
Going home soon